since my last video I have been playing
around for Sketchup and come up with a
sign and that's just as you can see here
this is a is not really the size I want
it to be but mostly was to try out some
concepts and and yeah and get familiar
with Sketchup itself it should actually
work the CNC but it's too big for my
room wang and go and place it I will
make this planned out about downloadable
if if you want to and then you can play
around with yourself and see if you want
to build this one now some things that I
have gnosis when I I decided this how
I'm going to join these science and now
now in my head it looked like a good
idea to drill a hole and then make a
square for the nun and in reality I went
down to the shop and then I bought some
some wood in mdf and I tried cutting up
some pieces like this and the first idea
was to cut the square but I figure when
I had to do this 100 times in one piece
it would be quite tedious so I came up
with drilling a hole like this and then
another top and then used to be
schooling together now this work finally
the in the head and I aren't even here
but some of the pieces were quite small
so I was kind of scared that that the
whole would be too big it like you can
see here there wouldn't be enough around
the science here to keep interest rate
and when I tighten it up down it I
actually broke it this way so so I tried
to make a smaller hole like this one and
I've actually worked out quite well it
did the nuts it's really firm in there
and then you just tighten this one down
and it's drawn and so I'm probably
mainly going to use this joint and and
not so that much this one because this
is going to get easier over time thing
and for the next thing you can see it up
here
and it's somewhere of linear in
lingering bearings and then I came up
with this one see some other gases and
the internets and think i'm going to use
the same so i made this template so i
can test it up and see how it would sit
and it just works quite well so I'm
think I'm going to stick with this one
and yeah well that's actually what i
have been doing over the last 14 days i
have a mainly getting familiar with
sketchup and trying to come up with some
signs and in my head and then try to
prove some concepts on the sketchup from
here and as i said if this one the idea
is that if i remove this that the one
stepping motor goes here in the back
then another one on top here and one on
the side here I don't know what time but
as I said this isn't the 1i want to use
it's just one on me to prove the concept
and to get familiar with the sketch of
itself so if you want to download links
should be in the description bar and
then well go ahead and we'll see you
next time i get something to learn